So over the last month, basically
everyone in the world of AI has either
experimented with OpenClaw or is
actively running an OpenClaw instance.
It's this AI agentic framework that
allows an agent to go off and do all the
things that you want. It can do the work
for you. It can buy your groceries for
you. It can book you tickets and flights
to go on vacations. It can do seemingly
everything. But on the back side of that
is a lot of complexity and a lot of risk
in terms of security that I'm not sure a
lot of people are really taking into
account. What's happened since then is
that a lot of other companies have
gotten involved. They've wanted to take
the market share away from OpenClaw,
which is this open source wild west
version. And just this week, Nvidia and
Jensen seem to have the alternative
figured out. This is coming from an
unlikely suspect because we have Claude,
we have OpenAI. Both of those are
clearly working on OpenClaw competitors.
We're seeing feature shipped every week.
But to see Jensen get in the ring and
announce something called Nemo Claw,
which is the new open source
alternative, it seems like there's going
to be a new player in town and maybe
even more with Perplexi, too. Like a lot
is going on in this OpenClaw world. So,
if you are an OpenClaw user, you're
going to want to tune in for this one.
This is a really underrated moment for
Nvidia in my opinion. Um, it is their
Apple moment. Now, Apple uh is are
geniuses in two things. Both the
hardware and the software for all
cellular phones. They own the app layer
and they nail the hardware layer, right?
Best phones in the industry. Nvidia is
now making its foray into consumer
hardware or consumer software rather,
right? So they announced this week that
they're going to invest $26 billion over
the next 5 years into opensource uh
agents. Uh and Nemo Claw, which is their
open core competitor, is going to be one
of their major steps in this. So what
Neimoclaw is is, as the name suggests, a
direct competitor to open core. It's
going to be an agentic platform where
you are able to design, create, and spin
up AI agents and have them interact with
each other. Um, now this hasn't been
officially announced yet. We're breaking
the news right now, but rumors state
that these agents will be able to do
very similar things to OpenClaw. So,
you'll be able to get them to do your 9
toive job potentially, or you're going
to get them to be able to do the
shopping for you like you mentioned
earlier, but with one or two different
twists. Number one, it's going to be way
more secure. Now the number one bit of
feedback uh around openclaw is that
there's huge amounts of security
exposes. People have lost money,
personal data, credit card information
has been exposed. You won't get any of
that with Nemo claw. Number two, the
user experience is going to be way
better. And Jensen Huang has reportedly
stated that he's designing this first
and foremost for enterprises. So
businesses that want to take their kind
of work seriously, but also to the
consumer layer as well. And the number
one signal that he's demonstrated doing
that is making the entire thing open-
source. The instant thing that I thought
of Josh is Nvidia produces the GPUs to
power the AI models who power AI agents
and now Jensen is creating the AI agents
which is going to lead to more demand
for GPUs. So Nvidia just keeps on
winning $5 trillion probably$10 trillion
$15 trillion if this actually hits.
>> Everyone's making their way up and down
this AI layer cake which starts in chips
and goes all the way up to the
application layer. A lot of people have
started at the application layer or the
model layer. Nvidia is one of the rare
ones that started at the bottom and is
working its way up. I mean, we have the
the what is it? The GTX Spark. Nvidia's
like small household thing desktop
computer sits on your desk and I assume
we'll be getting a lot of updates at
their GTC conference on Monday. So, this
hasn't been confirmed. This will be
confirmed on Monday. I strongly suspect
it will be called Nemo Claw. They will
have their own version of an open source
OpenClaw instance. And this is a
seemingly pretty opportune time because
a lot of people have been having issues
that we have reported with OpenClaw.
When you run OpenClaw, it's the wild
west. You're building these systems.
You're putting things in place. You're
building your own checks, but you're
ultimately responsible for managing and
orchestrating this huge AI network that
begins to grow over time. And Matthew
Berman here, he has another great
podcast in the AI space. He was talking
about how his open claw had a similar
issue. And I've seen this a lot around
the internet where the open clause get
into a bad state and you start to use it
and it starts to get worse in terms of
output and then it just totally breaks.
And then he followed this up with anyone
else having their tokens keys secrets
reappearing in plain text after moving
them to keychain. Openclaw really wants
keys in plain text. So he's been having
these issues. There was another one
where the openclaw outputs were causing
these like duplicate mentions. So open
claw has been good for some, great for
others, and incredibly challenging for
most because a lot of this requires
upkeep. I'm hoping that what we're going
to see is this trend of more rails
around this open claw. We had it with um
Nvidia hopefully this week. We're going
to see cloud has been working on this
and also perplexity had something fairly
interesting, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. They announced personal
computer which is basically their
version of open claw. Now perplexity
doesn't actually have their own AI
model. They use bunch of the leading
frontier uh models from uh the likes of
Claude and Chat GPT, but they package it
into what they're calling the personal
computer which uh can toggle your
desktop for you, move your mouse around
and perform a bunch of actions. You can
spin up a bunch of agents in parallel
and they can go off and do different
things. They can code for you, do your
shopping, whatever that might be. Again,
an openclaw direct competitor. Now, the
silver lining across all of these uh all
of this news is that um there's a huge
amount of demand for these AI agents. In
fact, people are paying $6,000.
>> This is so crazy.
>> To have someone come to their place or
of of office or work in person and set
up Open Claw from scratch. Now, bear in
mind this is something that you can ask
Claude to literally guide you through
and instead people are paying $6,000.
Now, the perks that you get for this is
that um you are getting an unofficial
but official guarantee that there's not
going to be any kind of security
exploits and you can have someone just
manage the entire thing whilst you can
focus on the core business. But to go
back to my earlier point, the silver
lining is there is insatiable amounts of
demand for AI agents. And two, they're
actually becoming quite useful and the
likes of OpenAI saw that when they
decided to acquire the official Open
Core open source project. Um, and Nvidia
is now seeing it as well. Perplex is
seeing it as well. So, it's kind of like
this whole surge. I think even China
this week was trending because they were
hosting community meetups with 50 to 75
year olds that were all spinning up open
course. God knows what they are using
open calls for, but like there's an
insatable amount of appetite for this
right now and it's exciting to see where
this goes.
>> Feels like a cultlike following. It's
unbelievable how many people use it,
love it, adore it. The community events
that are spawning up around it. It's
become this cultural movement that's
global now. It's totally around the
world. So 2026 is undeniably the year of
agents, which I think is really
exciting. And on the topic of agents, we
have some news on Elon Musk's XAI's
Tesla collab project around agents. And
this is an update on macro hard. Now
macro hard for those not familiar is the
inverse of Microsoft. And it is XAI's
plan to replace software companies
through the use of these large language
models. Basically, the idea is that
Microsoft Office, it's a series of
software that creates an output that you
interact with. And if you clearly define
your outputs that you want, if you
clearly define the outcomes that you're
looking for in the software, then Grock
and the XAI team can go off and they can
build your own custom software for
yourself, for your enterprise, for your
company. This update is pretty cool.
This describes a two-step approach,
right? Yeah. So, he's launching
something incredibly ambitious called
Digital Optimus. Now, Optimus is known
well globally as the physical
manifestation of Tesla's robots. It's a
humanoid robot that's hopefully going to
be releasing later this year. We don't
know. It's an Elon guesstimate there. Um
digital Optimus is going to be the
digital version of that robot. So what
the hell does that mean? Well, if you
imagine um the current market for humans
doing computer-based tasks is estimated
to be around 30 to 40 trillion worth of
the global economy. It's a huge amount.
Like think about people that use Slack
or send messages or like need to use a
computer for their day-to-day job.
That's computer-based tasks. Now,
Digital Optimus is aiming to replace or
automate a bunch of those tasks. So, if
you imagine when you're talking to
someone on the other end of Slack,
right? How do you know that that's
actually a human being? You assume it,
right? But it doesn't necessarily have
to be. Digital Optimus is basically
going to be the arms and limbs to gro
the AI brain. It's going to be able to
move your mouse around. It's going to be
able to intuitively know which file to
select. It's going to be able to read
things, browse the internet just like
you can, but it's going to be a digital
human that lives on a computer. Now,
this is a pretty ambitious but also
vague kind of goal that needs to be
done. Now, it's it's basically uh
similar to a human emulation or
emulator. I don't really know how this
is going to manifest. Some of the
products that we just spoke about just
now, Perplexity Computer, kind of sound
like the foundations of this, but again,
we haven't seen a release from XAI for a
while now. So, I'm curious to see like
how Grock upgrades first before we see a
product like this come out.
>> Yeah. Well, the idea is that it's going
to read, understand your inputs,
outputs, and then be able to emulate
your job better than you can.
>> And it uses this interesting
architecture which has been around for a
while as it relates to how humans think.
If anyone's read the book Thinking Fast
or Slow, there's like the the two
components, the two brain architecture.
One is your fast system, which is system
one, one is the slow, which is system
two. So in this collaboration between
Tesla and XAI, this is the first time
they're actually working together on a
formal instance. Tesla becomes that
system one which is the reflexes. It's
constantly watching the screen for 5
seconds at a time and it's executing
those actions in real time. And then
Grock is that system too. It's the big
brain that understands has a real clear
concept of the world around it and it
applies this like highle knowledge and
reasoning to the task at hand. And
what's interesting that I don't think we
mentioned yet is the cost of what this
takes to run. Um Tesla claims that
they're able to run this on their AI4
chip, which is $650.
So that is a very cheap chip for
inference relative to what other data
centers are using with Blackwell and
$30,000 GPUs. So the cost to actually
run this software is going to be very
low. And these AI4 chips are chips that
currently exist. They're out there in
vehicles in the millions. So they have
the scale to produce these. They have
seemingly the software. And now they
have the collaboration between Tesla and
XAI. I have to wonder is this going to
translate to another
merger between Tesla and XAI and SpaceX?
Like is this the thing that's going to
bring them together or will they
continue to exist separately? I don't
know. But really cool updates coming out
of the Elon corner. I hope we see more
from Grock and XI soon. They have been
moving
>> slow in terms of what they've been
releasing, but it seems like they're
moving pretty quick behind the scenes.
>> I think it I think they're going to
emerge. And also the running through
line between this story and the Nvidia
story is like both companies are trying
to be Apple at this point. They're
having their Apple moments, right?
Software and hardware stack being
combined. Vertical integration in
general the name of the game.
>> It's really being pushed. But listen,
let's move away from the software
digital robots. Those aren't as cool as
the the real ones. Um Brett Adcock, CEO
and founder of Figure, which is a
leading US robotics startup. Reese's
cool demo um a useful demo rather of
their Helix 2 robot cleaning a living
room fully autonomously. Now um listen,
I'm not going to be the biggest advocate
of having creepy looking robots moving
around. Maybe if we slapped a few
clothes on this thing, I'd be more
immunable to it. But we saw a demo of
this robot, I think about a month ago,
um unloading and reloading a dishwasher,
handling glassware. So the point is
these robots are becoming very precise.
uh they're not just these kind of clunky
metallic metallic objects that are just
doing a bunch of random stuff. It's
going to be actually useful to you. Now,
whether consumers are actually going to
be kind of positive towards spending $30
to $40,000 or whatever the price tag of
these things are is definitely going to
be quite expensive and putting them in
their home, I don't think we're quite
there yet as this demo kind of
insinuates. But I'm curious to see what
these things are going to be like in
actual manual factories. I think that's
where they're going to be um more
proliferent.
>> Yeah. Yeah, the novel breakthrough here
is that this was fully autonomous. A lot
of these tasks that they have, they've
kind of pre-trained it for a specific
task. So, it's doing the dishes and it's
trained on doing the dishes. Uh, this is
a fully autonomous system. The robot is
going around without any commands,
without any specific training, and it's
just doing the maintenance on the room,
which I think is pretty cool. It's a fun
use case. It seems useful. Elon has been
dunking on everyone recently, saying
Optimus 3 is going to be far superior
even than this. Um, so I'm looking
forward to seeing that. And I was
actually looking before recording when
we can expect to get our hands on
Optimus because Helix has been doing a
lot of these demos. They haven't started
shipping them quite yet. And it seems
like Tesla is not really going to be
front running them by any means. Perhaps
in terms of technicality, but in terms
of when they're going to release,
according to the Poly Market, it looks
like there's a very slim chance they're
going to release this year at all. Um,
so 18% chance it releases by December
31st, 5% chance it releases by June
30th. So, we're probably not going to be
getting these available anywhere anytime
soon, but that's not to say we're not
going to see the new version of Optimus
fairly soon. It seems like they're
teasing it for a midyear announcement.
So, at least have an idea of what it's
going to look like. We'll get a demo
that's figureesque. Um, but yeah, it
seems according to Poly Market, we will
not be getting this. And thank you very
much to Poly Market for sponsoring the
segment of the episode.
>> Now, moving on to probably what is the
craziest story of the week. Um, our
friends at Meta, who uh are definitely
not leading the AI race right now. They
haven't released a model in almost a
year at this point, made one of their
Wilder acquisitions, and that's saying
something because they spent $15 billion
to acquire one guy last year. They
acquired Maltbook, uh, which is the
viral AI agent social media platform,
which is rumored to have around 1.6
million AI agents all autonomously
posting, talking to each other. And the
stick behind this entire platform is you
you need to be an AI agent to basically
post and interact on there. No humans
allowed. And it went viral around the
time that OpenClaw did because if you're
spinning up these agents, how do you get
them to really benefit society? Well,
get them to talk to each other, get them
to share skills, get them to interact
with each other, get them to transact
with each other. And all of that was
happening on Maltber. So this
acquisition in theory makes sense.
You've got the biggest social media
company acquiring the biggest AI agent
media company social media company.
Except I don't think this makes sense in
my head because a lot of these agents I
think are spoofed. Humans found a way to
spin up multiple agents and get them to
do certain things which meant that they
weren't really autonomous. Also, I heard
that this platform was vibe coded in
about a week. So, this kind of adds to
my uh perception of meta, which is they
are just wildly out of touch and they
don't really know what they're doing.
Now, if I were to put my uh my smart
glasses on and try and envision what
they're thinking about here, I think
that Zuck is making a really big bet on
the future of social media, not having
many or if any humans involved. I think
he thinks it's all going to be AI
personalities, AI content. That's why
he's delivering meta vibes, their video
reels, app, their Tik Tok competitor. He
thinks that people are only going to
consume AI content and so he wants the
producers of that to also be AIS, AI
agents. Um, it sounds pretty dystopian
to me. I don't really like that future,
but it seems to be the direction that
we're heading. It doesn't make sense
that they would spend money on like an
old thing. We recorded the MP episode
like a month ago. No one's talked about
it since. No one used it. There's been a
lot of instances where people have
clearly created tens of thousands of
fake agents on the site that aren't even
real. I mean, yeah, this guy registered
a million fake agents. Um, that's crazy.
Um, it's just not really based on
anything real. It's not a hot topic.
It's not anything noteworthy or
interesting. The network effects are
probably not real. So, I would love to
ask Zuck what he thinks the value
proposition in that acquisition is.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And it's not like his
investments have been doing very well.
Um, the guy that I mentioned, he spent
15 or 14 billion to acquire Alexander
Wang is rumored to be, you know, in uh
kind of treacherous territory with Meta
right now. They might be parting ways,
may not be agreeing on things. I've seen
kind of both sides of this story. Some
saying that it's all just kind of like
fearongering, but it might be true. So,
um, I don't know how well things are
going for Meta right now.
>> No, I I have some context on this story
in particular. This is fake news. The
post that we're showing not true. And
the reason I know that is because Zuck
posted a picture with Alexander Wang um
proving the fact that they're still on
good terms and there's not an issue. The
problem is that he only posted that
photo on threads. So I'm sure you never
saw it because nobody actually uses
threads. So this was disproved, but it
was disproved on the Meta platform.
Well, I I was on Instagram and I saw it
via like the suggestion thing um because
I don't use threads either. But yeah,
this is totally fake news. But it's just
a testament again to how poor Met has
been performing where Zuck disproved
this rumor, but it hasn't quite made it
out of the escape velocity because no
one is using their products. No one's on
thread. So, I don't know. I wish Meta
all the best. Speaking of Meta though,
one of the old really deeply entrenched
people at Meta, Yan Lun, he departed
from Meta and now it seems like we
finally know what he's working on next.
>> Yeah. Um, a former and also disgruntled
Meta employee. Um, so he left. Uh, he
was formerly the head of meta super
intelligence or whatever the AI
intelligence lab was at the time. Then
Zach acquired Alexander Wang and he was
kind of ousted out. Yan Lun was gone and
he's like one of the godfathers of AI
although I hate to say it. He's been a
hater of LLMs and he's been saying uh
he's been calling the demise of LLMs for
a while now even as LLMs have gotten
much much better and way more
intelligent and power all of our
favorite AI products today. uh and he's
put his money where his mouth is. He
launched um advanced machine
intelligence or AMI labs which is
focused on building a world model. Now
world models are different from LLM in
the sense that they're more sensory.
They take in video inputs, image inputs,
uh audio inputs, and the idea is it's
meant to understand the physical reality
that humans engage with. Now LLMs, they
only work on text and character. So they
kind of understand what uh the outside
world looks like through descriptive
context, but they don't actually know.
They can't actually see world models
actually help AI see. And that's what
he's going to be building at AMI Labs.
Now, in order to do this, he raised
Europe's largest seed round, $1 billion.
It's not euros, $1 billion. It was less
in euros. Um but it's a strong signal
that world models are going to be a huge
thing. He's not the only one that's
saying that. Um, Demisabis, the CEO of
Google AI, has also said the same thing.
It's going to be a core focus of Google.
They released a banger of a model, which
we made an episode about, called Genie
3. What you're looking at on the screen
here is completely AI generated. You can
walk around this cat that's on a vacuum
right now. You can interact with the
world. It's super cool. Feels like a
game, but it's actually simulated
reality. Um, I I wish him the best of
luck. I don't know what his angle is
going to be. I don't know how he can
catch up to the labs that are spending
what what tens of billions of dollars,
hundreds of hundreds of billions of
dollars, but it's a good start, I guess.
>> Yeah. And I mean, it's it's another
testament to the fact that a lot of
people are really interested in world
models and understanding the physics and
understanding multimodality. And the
basis of these world models is that
natively multimodal world where you're
able to understand text, audio, imagery,
videos, and then therefore represent
physics and understand why certain
things do the things that they do. And
Google actually made some serious
progress in this front this week with
their new embedding 2 model which is the
first natively multimodal embedding
model which means it maps text, images,
video, audio and documents all into a
single unified space in its native form.
So this is different because previously
you had to translate each one of these
modalities into the other. This one they
all exist in the same plane which
unlocks a lot of really interesting use
cases. I mean, one of the ones that I
like in particular I saw is that if
you're training for sports or if you're
training for anything physical, if
you're in the gym working out, you point
the camera at you and it understands the
video. So, it can actually ingest the
video, understand what you're doing, and
then give you productive output or give
you help to improve either your form or
to improve your your weightlifting or
whatever it is that you're doing. And
there's a lot of other unique use cases,
right? You were just telling me about a
couple earlier.
>> Yeah. Um, kind of sticking on the sports
theme. Um, do you know when uh you're
having a conversation with a friend and
you remember a moment in a video or like
in a movie and you're like, "Oh yeah,
what movie was that?" or like what scene
was that and maybe you need to scroll
through a video to find the same thing.
You can now ask Google embedding um you
know, hey, can you find me that sports
moment where Kobe shot this particular
shot and it trolls through the entire
YouTube blog or uh whatever the NBA log
and it finds that excerpt and can drag
that clip to you. And this is what
technology like this or the new
embedding model unlocks. You now um not
only can query different types of media
like images, photos, whatever that might
be, but it also understands what you're
asking it for. Previously, it would just
be like, "Oh, okay. He's kind of
referencing a photo or a video. I'm
going to try and figure out which one
that is." Now, it intuitively
understands what you mean when you say,
"Oh, yeah. It's it's it's during this
time during the autumn. Uh could you
find this picture of my mom and I?" And
it'll be able to do that for you. Um,
secondly, it's also kind of cool. You
can um connect this model to say your
photos. And this is in theory, by the
way. Uh, developers actually have to
build this app that I'm about to
describe. You can connect it to your
photos or videos. And you could say, can
you find the last time that I was like
super motivated? Show me a clip, uh,
show me a photo of when that was, and
it'll be able to troll through your
entire library and understand and know
when that is and pick it out for you.
So, I'm excited for the new apps that
are going to be enabled by this model.
Yeah, the context is great. It's like um
if you think of a universal library,
traditionally it's just books. Well, now
it's like books, photos, podcasts,
videos, music, and it all is processed
in the same way. So, if you want to, you
know, explain to me quantum computing,
it will not only surface the books, but
it'll also surface the videos and the
custom essays and whatever, whatever it
may be. It's an amazing model. I'm
looking forward to the people who are
building those apps. Um, but we also
have more news out of the Google front,
right? The Google Maps biggest upgrade
ever. And Google Maps is noteworthy
because how many billions of people use
Google Maps every day?
>> Two billion every month. Two billion
every month.
>> So now two billion people just got a
pretty serious upgrade.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So uh it's called Ask Maps.
It basically integrates Gemini, so
Google's AI model into Google Maps, but
in a really unique way. So um you can
now ask it, hey, um I want to play
tennis tonight, but I need the court to
have lights and I want it to be kind of
like on my way home. uh can you find me
a few places? And it's able to query
search using this multimodality that we
just described with embedding 2 and kind
of intuitively figure out where you want
to go. Now, it instantly reminded me of
the experience that you've described,
Josh, when you use uh Grock in your
autonomous car and in your Tesla. Um
this is now Google's version for that.
What I love about this is it's not just
based on kind of AI knowledge. It's
based on 500 million reviews from 300
million real people. And it takes you
from like having to scroll through a
bunch of reviews, reading comments to to
this experience where you're having an
LLM whilst you figure out where you want
to go or what you want to do with your
day. And it changes the way that people
plan their itineraries or choose where
they want to go. Now, what's most
exciting for this uh for Google in
particular is can you imagine if they
switch on ads for this type of thing?
like they will now own the entire funnel
from deciding what people want to do
because they're going to suggest what
you want to do and then monetizing that
on the back end. So, it's just a crazy
world that we're headed into. I thought
this is cool. Yeah, Google Maps is
great. They're crushing it. Okay, this
final story of the week. I I had to like
confirm with you that this was real and
I had to watch the videos a couple times
and even after watching it the first
time, it took me a moment to understand
what was actually happening here. There
are this is the a combination the
convergence of cockroach and computer
has finally happened. We've reached the
cockroach singularity in which they've
converged into one super roach. And for
some people this is an absolute
nightmare and for others this is this
>> cool kind of futuristic sci-fi world
that we're living in. But there are now
robotic cockroaches walking around the
planet. Ez
what is going on here? This video is
outrageous.
>> So these aren't robotic cockroaches
Josh. These are real cockroaches, live
cockroaches that have been fitted with a
few things. Cameras, microphones, and a
locally run AI model. It's slapped on
the back of these cockroaches. This is
like the big helmet thing that you can
see them wearing in this video. You
might be asking why. Well, the idea was
birthed from NATO. And by the way, this
these things have been alive for like
almost a year at this point, but the
news broke yesterday. NATO issues these
things to military. So right now the
German military has deployed a bunch of
these cockroaches to scout out certain
military locations or places that
they're targeting their enemies,
sleuththing things like that. These
cockroaches can um maneuver through
rubble, uh creep into certain cracks to
check out certain areas, pick up audio
feeds, spying on different people
basically. Um now the reason why this is
wild is the tech alone. So the tech to
be able to compile a microscopic AI chip
onto a cockroach is a feat in itself.
But they also steer these cockroaches,
Josh, using electrical pulses. So if if
they want the cockroach to go left or go
in a certain direction, they're
constantly sending these electrical
pulses to maneuver them just like you
would like an RV car or remote control
car. Just a insane uh bit of technology
for you to round up.
>> The theme for this week seems to be
sci-fi and all of these terms are kind
of all these themes are kind of
disturbing, right? So earlier this week,
we did the Doom episode where we kind of
sliced hum or we took human brain cells,
we trained them to play Doom, and then
we sliced uh the brain of a fly, a
fruitly, and then you can like put that
fruitfly into a computer and clone them.
And now we've we've augmented
cockroaches to have these physical
augmentations that allow them to be
controlled and merged with AI. And it
feels like this is all early versions of
where it's headed towards in terms of
like human augmentation. like, okay, we
could cut a fly brain to copy and put it
in digital world. How long until it
becomes a human brain? Like, oh, now
we're augmenting cockroaches. How long
before we start augmenting humans? And
you start to map this out and it's like,
okay, we're we're making progress far
quicker than we ever have before. The
world is seemingly very sci-fi and AI is
accelerating the rate at all of this
scientific progress happens. So, it's
it's a weird future. Like, imagine
you're in the war zone and there's a
million of these cockroaches coming
towards you. Cockroaches never die.
They're invincible, too. So, this is
like a clearly a very dominant form. I
hope they keep these out of Manhattan
and New York City because I think the
cockroach problem is already enough
without like these AI machines
controlling them. Um, but yeah, this is
like weird dystopian sci-fi craziness
that we're seemingly getting an
increasing amount of every single week.
So, cool story to end the week on. This
is pretty fascinating, pretty weird,
pretty wild. Um, don't know if I like
it. Like I I respect more disgusted by
such a cool piece of tech, dude.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, um, shout out to
whoever's working on that. Good for you.
I'm happy for you. I hope you keep that
in a lab. Don't Don't let it Don't let
it out. Please don't let it get up,
please. Please. Um, so that rounds up,
uh, our weekly roundup. Uh, we had three
banger episodes put out this week. Um,
we talked about, uh, uploading a fruit
flies brain and human brain cells
playing Doom on episode 1. Episode two,
we talked about uh, Starlink Mobile and
the upcoming Starlink V3 satellite
launch. You definitely want to catch
that. Um, and then the third episode we
released yesterday was is AI coding
reaching its peak or has it hit a
massive wall? The dark side of AI
coding. We released that this morning or
yesterday morning if you're listening to
this right now. Definitely go check that
out. Um, I actually had a question for
the audience. Um, Josh, for those of you
who are still listening, I keep seeing
this fossil of an AI model keep popping
up on my screen. It's called Copilot.
It's from this little known company
called Microsoft. And I'm curious
whether any of you listening to this
actually use it. Now, the reason why I'm
saying this is I've kind of been
skeptical of it because I have never
known anyone in my circle at least that
uses it, but apparently a bunch of
Fortune 500 companies pay Microsoft tens
of billions of dollars a year to access
it. So, if you are one of those people,
can you let let us know in the comments?
Like, I really want to hear from you.
Hey, if you've made it this far and
you've listened to all of our episodes,
congratulations. You are totally caught
up. Go enjoy your weekend. Go touch some
grass. The weather's been pretty great,
at least on the East Coast, so I hope
you have some time to enjoy that. Thank
you so much again for sharing with your
friends, rating five stars on the
podcast apps if you haven't, and just uh
being generally supportive. We read, we
try to read all the comments. We've been
getting through just about all of them
>> and really appreciate all the support as
always. So, thank you for another
amazing week of four episodes, and we
will see you guys next week with all the
new AI news.